# Onboarding

## 1. User logs in

1. system takes all permissions possible for Community API
2. stores access code to DB

## User profile and Orgs
1. System fetches user profile and stores in DB
2. System fetches all orgs that user has access to and stores user's role and org ID in DB
3. for all orgs user is part of, system fetches org details and stores in DB

NOTE: obviously system checks if the org was already in DB, and if so, adds the user to the existing org (since multiple users can be part of the same org and it needs to be tracked)


## Org Onboarding
For each of user's orgs, onboard the historical data for the org and show in dashboard

### Fetch past posts and stats and follower counts
1. System fetches past 50/100 posts for the org
2. System fetches the posts engagement summary for the org posts
3. System fetches org's overall lifetime engagement stats
4. System fetches org's current follower counts
5. Store in DB

# Analytics
5. System shows All the diff stats on the dashboard 
6. (Optional) maybe a time series of posts engagement (num posts per day / week / month and engagements with same time granulariy)

7. (optionally) There is refresh button on the dashboard to refresh the data manually?

# Content 

## recommendations
8. User clicks on Generate recommendations button based on past successful posts -> System Generate popular posts themes / summaries using Anthropic call by sending last N high and low enagement posts and asking the model to summarize what's working, themes and recommendations to show the user
8.b User sees these generated themes as clickable templates / prefilled post context or topics in AI content generators


## Content feed or theme / summaries and engagement per theme??
TODO: check if compliant with lInkedin usecases (you can't show a feed using fetched posts data, have to confirm how to show this)
9. Show past posts with filters / tabs either generated by user or organization -> user, organization 1, ...
9.b Instead, just show topic clusters / summaries and engagements in the last N days / weeks / months
9.c We can definitely show past posts created by the user / organization using our platform -> since not fetched via linkedin API

### Compliance / terms links: https://www.notion.so/LinkedIn-developer-API-application-1b212cba067e80d5b241cdb01f229c08


## User Generates and posts contents
10. User can choose to either post as himself, or 1 of his orgs where he has the right permissions
11. User generates post; optionally clicks on recommended post templates / themes automatically learnt from past organization posts by AI to prepopulate and pregenerate posts
12. Post editor, post

## User can reshare either past / published from our platform organization posts as personal account or he can share his personal post as the organization account
13. For each organization post either historical or generated from the platform; user can click on a button and select drop down (to act on behalf of himself or the org) and reshare the post!
14. once the post is reshared, the button should disable!
15. store reshares in DB too and show counts / reshared posts somehow (user should be able to generate reshare comments by AI or write his commentary before resharing)

### Employee Notifications: Employees receive notifications about new company post ready for re-sharing (if another employee on app shares a company post for eg, no need for LinkedIn hooks).
### Personalization & Sharing: Employees personalize the posts with their perspectives (with KiwiQ’s AI’s help), sharing authentic reposts directly to their LinkedIn profiles. (i.e. AI generated text commentary for reshare)


# DELETION
16. deletion button
